#summary CardAdder adds cards to DraftMaster sets for use in drafting

= Introduction =

CardAdder lets you add cards to sets to be drafted - either to custom sets, or to Wizards sets that are not yet supported


= Details =

When you first open CardAdder, do two things: one, load the card image file; and two, indicate the set it belongs to. Afterwords, fill out the rest of the information using the card, and, in the case of the tip and rating sections, your own discretion.
Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * *Name*: The name of the card
  * *Cost*: The casting cost of the card, including colored symbols, hybrid mana, etc.
            * Colorless costs are typed in as a integer
            * Colored costs are typed in as letters: W for the sun symbol, U for the teardrop symbol, B for the skull symbol, R for the fireball symbol, and green for the tree symbol.
            * Hybrid costs are created by using slashes between color one and color two. Ex: U/B.
  * *Power*: If it's a creature, the power of the card
  * *Toughness*: If it's a creature, the toughness of the card. If it's a planeswalker, the starting loyalty of the card
  * *Supertype*: Select the appropriate supertype from the drop-down items.
  * *Rarity*: Select the appropriate rarity from the drop-down items
  * *Tribal*: If the card has the supertype 'Tribal', check this box
  * *Legendary*: If the card has the supertype 'Legendary', check this box
  * *Rating*: What turn you feel the card should be picked in a draft, as a number between 1 and 15 inclusive
  * *Tips*: If you want to advise a drafter about the card, tell them about its use in a deck, its rating, and in a how-many-color deck it can be played in. Ex: CARD is a turn 3 pick, and can be played in one or two color decks as an aggressive beater.
  * *Image*: The location of the image of the card. Should be 265x370.
  * *Set File*: The set that the card belongs to